The transition to the open rack wide introduces
a massive new logistical challenge for facility operators.
A fully populated ORW AI rack can easily weigh up to 3500 kg.
At this extreme scale and beyond across multiple such racks,
we are no longer just managing IT gear.
We are managing heavy industry.
Because
of this immense weight,
standard rolling casters are no longer a safe or viable option.
The ORW frame eliminates casters entirely.
The rack is designed to sit directly on
structural platforms using dedicated pallet mounting brackets.
This guarantees maximum stability and prevents catastrophic floor damage.
Transporting a 3500 kg machine requires precision mechanization.
The ORW base provides the specific
clearances required for automated rack transport carts
to safely lift,
maneuver,
and deploy the payload down the aisle.
Once secured,
operators must manage the massive data requirements of the AI cluster.
The ORW frame incorporates spacious top and rear cable channels.
These dedicated routing paths keep
massive bundles of optical interconnects completely
secure and safely out of the primary thermal exhaust path.
By standardizing these transport and cabling interfaces,
OCP ensures that deploying massive infrastructure remains safe,
but standards like this are a continuous work in progress.
Because there is still room for defining new standards
for the next generation of heavy wide racks.
We actively invite the community to
participate in generating any missing specifications.
Join the work group today to help shape the future of high density deployment.